feature/120_pr_template (#127)
UAL-ODIS/ReQUIAM: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/bug-pull-request.md

---
name: Bug
about: Provide specifics about a pull request for bug fixes
title: 'PR - bug: ____(provide a descriptive name)'
labels: bug, p1
assignees: ''

---
<!-- IMPORTANT: Please do not create a PR without creating an issue first. -->

<!--Fields in **bold** are REQUIRED, fields in *italics* are OPTIONAL -->

**Description**

> <!-- A clear and concise description of the problem the bug fix in this PR tries to solve -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- A clear and concise description of the problem the bug that this PR tries to solve -->
```

---

> name: Pull request - bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Bug
```

This is the name that shows up under PR page. It's redundant as a result

> about: Provide specifics about a pull request for bugs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Provide specifics about a pull request for bug fixes
```

title: 'PR - bug: ____(provide a descriptive name)'
labels: bug, p1
assignees: ''

---

> <!-- IMPORTANT: Please do not create a Pull Request without creating an issue first. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- IMPORTANT: Please do not create a PR without creating an issue first. -->
```

<!--Fields in **bold** are REQUIRED, fields in *italics* are OPTIONAL -->

**Description**
<!-- A clear and concise description of the problem the bug fix in this PR tries to solve -->

> <!-- Add a linked issues/pull requests -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Add any linked issue(s) -->
```

> See #

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes #
```

*Screenshots or additional context*
<!-- Add any other context about the problem here and/or screenshots to help explain your problem. -->

> **Approach**
> <!-- How does this bug-fix address the problem? -->
> 
> <!-- Add any open questions and Pre-Merge TODOs. Use checkboxes. -->
> <!-- - [ ]   -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I rather have this information in the issue instead.

**Test plan (If applicable)**
<!-- Explain how you tested this big-fix so that others can replicate it -->
<!--  Example: The exact commands you ran and their output, screenshots / videos if the pull request changes UI. -->

**Bump version information**
Bump version: v0.xx.xx -> v0.xx.x

Bumped in:
- [ ] README.md, [installation instructions](https://github.com/ualibraries/ReQUIAM#installation-instructions)
- [ ] [setup.py](https://github.com/ualibraries/ReQUIAM/blob/master/setup.py)

> - [ ] [requiam/__init__.py](https://github.com/ualibraries/ReQUIAM/blob/master/requiam/__init__.py)

Author: requiam/__init__.py should display as `requiam/__init__.py`
```suggestion
- [ ] [requiam/\_\_init\_\_.py](https://github.com/ualibraries/ReQUIAM/blob/master/requiam/__init__.py)
```

> 
> *Resources*
> <!-- Links to blog posts, StackOverflow, libraries or add-ons used to solve this problem -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I prefer that this stays in the issue information.
